Corpus	Label	ID	Quote Text	Response Text
GEN	sarc	GEN_sarc_0000	First off, That's grade A USDA approved Liberalism in a nutshell.	"Therefore you accept that the Republican party almost as a whole is ""grade A USDA approved Liberalism."" About time you did.   "
GEN	sarc	GEN_sarc_0001	watch it. Now you're using my lines. Poet has always been an easy target, I will agree. ;)	More chattering from the peanut gallery? Haven't gotten the memo, you're no longer a player? Honestly....clamoring for attention is so low budget. No shame.
GEN	sarc	GEN_sarc_0002	Because it will encourage teens to engage in riskier behavior. Abstinence until marriage is still the best way.	Yep, suppressing natural behavior is always the way to go. We should also get them to stop pooping.
GEN	sarc	GEN_sarc_0003	Obviously you missed the point. So sorry the the irony was beyond you.	I guess we all missed your point Justine, whatever it might have been. emoticonXConfused Better luck next time. emoticonXGood
GEN	sarc	GEN_sarc_0004	This is pure paranoia. What evidence do you have to support you're point of view? Why don't you actually do a little research yourself. Handgun Control Inc was founded by two victims of gun-violence. Sarah Brady joined Handgun Control Inc after her husband received brain damage from a bullet. Senator Ted Kennedy also supports gun-control because some of his family members were killed with guns. Many people who support gun control have experienced the horrors of gun violence firsthand and are just trying to make our nation a safer place. It's not because they are power hungry.	Evidence, I dont need no sticking evidence. This is what I beleive, and thats it, but I will dig up some proof that supports my point.
GEN	notsarc	GEN_notsarc_0356	what's this to do with guns?	This has everything to do with guns,how are these people suppose to protect   themselves?Since the police have been told to just let them go, crime will run   rampant, it will become THE place to go if you feel like duing a little robbery a little burglary,gosh wonder if they gotta let rapo's and killers runaway to.   Only 2000? I lived in George Wa. and the population was less than 2000,it was also just off I-90 and we had plenty of crime from people passing through not   necessarily from people who lived there.
GEN	notsarc	GEN_notsarc_0357	For the pro-life community, the issue comes down to the fact that every human being has intrinsic value and worth, and their life is valuable for its own sake	Really? 'cuss what I always see with anti-choicers is that they seem to think that the pregnant woman is invisible. This means that all men and all fetuses have a right to life at all times, but women, for some unknown reason, seem to lose that right when they become pregnant. Weird.
